README.md, before:

# spring-security-using-camel

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel?branch=master)

A basic example of how to use an Apache Camel route as an authentication provider. The benefit is that a company's applications can all share the same Spring Security setup, using the Camel authenticator, but each app can customise behaviour by modifying the route. For example, an application may require secondary authorisation from another source, or might want to pull in extra information about the user.

[This application is running on Heroku.](https://immense-wave-27339.herokuapp.com/index) *It may take a moment to start as it will probably be sleeping*. The application is auto-deployed (CI/CD) by Travis - see sectin below

![Alt text](camel-security.jpg?raw=true "Overview")

Starts at http://localhost:8080/index


This project is based on the sample project 'spring-security-samples-boot-insecure' distributed with Spring Security Master 4.1.1.

It replaces the in-memory authentication used for the solution to that project, and uses instead a Camel route. 
The idea is that information about the User is obtained during various stages of the route. For example, the User is first authenticated as step one. In step two, the User's roles are determined. In step three, the information added to the Exchange in the previous two steps is used to construct a User.

There could be any number of processes (steps) in the route, each responsible for one distinct task. 

The sample also uses Bootstrap to improve on the original example's client :)

There's also some basic use of Spring profiles that shows how authentication providers can
be determined at runtime.

Continuous Integeration and Deployment with Travis
--------------------------------------------------

The small flags at the top of the readme are provided by [Travis] (https://travis-ci.org/) and [Coveralls] (https://coveralls.io/repos). 

Travis provides CI by building the project every time a change is pushed to GitHub - at sends the results to Coveralls to produce coverage reports. Travis provides CD by [pushing the app to Heroku] (https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment/heroku/).

Commit message:

added new controller for security annotations

README.md, after:

# spring-security-using-camel

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/johnnybionic/spring-security-using-camel?branch=master)

A basic example of how to use an Apache Camel route as an authentication provider. The benefit is that a company's applications can all share the same Spring Security setup, using the Camel authenticator, but each app can customise behaviour by modifying the route. For example, an application may require secondary authorisation from another source, or might want to pull in extra information about the user.

[This application is running on Heroku.](https://immense-wave-27339.herokuapp.com/index) *It may take a moment to start as it will probably be sleeping*. The application is auto-deployed (CI/CD) by Travis - see section below

![Alt text](camel-security.jpg?raw=true "Overview")

Starts at http://localhost:8080/index


This project is based on the sample project 'spring-security-samples-boot-insecure' distributed with Spring Security Master 4.1.1.

It replaces the in-memory authentication used for the solution to that project, and uses instead a Camel route. 
The idea is that information about the User is obtained during various stages of the route. For example, the User is first authenticated as step one. In step two, the User's roles are determined. In step three, the information added to the Exchange in the previous two steps is used to construct a User.

There could be any number of processes (steps) in the route, each responsible for one distinct task. 

The sample also uses Bootstrap to improve on the original example's client :)

There's also some basic use of Spring profiles that shows how authentication providers can
be determined at runtime.

I've also added a second controller that uses Spring Security annotations.

Continuous Integration and Deployment with Travis
--------------------------------------------------

The small flags at the top of the readme are provided by [Travis] (https://travis-ci.org/) and [Coveralls] (https://coveralls.io/repos). 

Travis provides CI by building the project every time a change is pushed to GitHub - at sends the results to Coveralls to produce coverage reports. Travis provides CD by [pushing the app to Heroku] (https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment/heroku/).
